DOCSP-39221 - v6.6 Updates (#888)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.6:

What's New in 6.6
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.6 release includes the following features:

> - Adds the ``addStage()`` generic method to the fluid API. You can use this method to
>   add aggregation pipeline stages in a general manner, as shown in the following
>   example:

Reviewer: S: remove some of the technical details from this entry
```suggestion
- Adds the ``addStage()`` method to the fluid aggregation API. You can use this method to
  add aggregation pipeline stages individually, as shown in the following
  example:
```

  .. code-block:: javascript

     const documents = await users.aggregate().addStage({ $project: { name: true } }).toArray();

> - Adds the ``cause`` and ``dependencyName`` fields to the ``MongoMissingDependencyError``
>   class. You can use these fields to programmatically determine which package is missing
>   and why it didn't load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the ``cause`` and ``dependencyName`` fields to the ``MongoMissingDependencyError``
  class. You can use these fields to programmatically determine if a package is missing
  or why a package didn't load.
```

- Adds the ``minRoundTripTime`` property to the ``ServerDescription`` class. This
  property contains the minimum round-trip time over the last 10 heartbeats.

> - Adds a ``toJSON()`` method to the ``TopologyDescription`` class. You can now
>   stringify ``TopologyDescription`` objects to JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the ``toJSON()`` method to the ``TopologyDescription`` class. You can now
  stringify ``TopologyDescription`` objects to JSON.
```

- Adds cursor support for the ``Collection.indexExists()``, ``Collection.indexes()``, and
  ``Collection.indexInformation()`` methods in Typescript.

> - Removes support for the ``readConcern`` and ``writeConcern`` options from the
>   ``Collection.listSearchIndexes()`` method. This is an Atlas-specific method, and Atlas
>   search indexes don't support these options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes support for the ``readConcern`` and ``writeConcern`` options from the
  ``Collection.listSearchIndexes()`` method. ``listSearchIndexes()`` is an Atlas-specific method, and Atlas
  search indexes don't support these options.
```

> - The ``ServerDescription.roundTripTime`` property is now a moving average. Previously,
>   it was a weighted average of the most recently observed heartbeat duration and the
>   previous duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redefines the ``ServerDescription.roundTripTime`` property as a moving average. Previously,
  it was a weighted average of the most recently observed heartbeat duration and the
  previous duration.
```

- You can now specify the type of a search index when creating the index, as shown
  in the following example:

  .. code-block:: js

>     :emphasize-lines: 3

Author: ```suggestion
     :emphasize-lines: 3
```

    
     const indexName = await collection.createSearchIndex({
     name: 'my-vector-search-index',
     type: 'vectorSearch',
     definition: {
       mappings: { dynamic: false }

>      }});

Reviewer: S: fix indentation

- The ``UpdateFilter.$currentDate`` property no longer throws an error when you pass

>   it to a ``findOneAndModify`` method on a collection with a limited schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it to a compound method, such as ``findOneAndUpdate()``, on a collection with a limited schema.
```

> - The driver now throws a ``MongoTransactionError`` only if you provide a
>   ``ReadPreferenceMode`` other than ``primary`` and then try to perform a command that
>   involves a read operation.

Reviewer: S: in general, since these items are already presented as release notes, no need to include "now" or "currently"

```suggestion
- The driver throws a ``MongoTransactionError`` only if you provide a
  ``ReadPreferenceMode`` other than ``primary`` and then try to perform a command that
  involves a read operation.
```

Reviewer: Applies throughout

Author: good call. forgot we agreed on that

- The data type of the ``TopologyDescription.error`` property is now ``MongoError``.

- The ``Collection.indexExists()`` method no longer supports the ``full`` option.

- The ``Collection.indexInformation()``, ``Collection.indexes()``, and

>   ``Db.indexInformation()`` methods now return
>   ``IndexDescriptionCompact | IndexDescriptionInfo[]`` in TypeScript. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``Db.indexInformation()`` methods now have a return type of
  ``IndexDescriptionCompact | IndexDescriptionInfo[]`` in TypeScript. 
```

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.6:

What's New in 6.6
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.6 release includes the following features:

- Adds the ``addStage()`` method to the fluid aggregation API. You can use this method to
  add aggregation pipeline stages individually, as shown in the following
  example:

  .. code-block:: javascript

     const documents = await users.aggregate().addStage({ $project: { name: true } }).toArray();

- Adds the ``cause`` and ``dependencyName`` fields to the ``MongoMissingDependencyError``
  class. You can use these fields to programmatically determine if a package is missing
  or why a package didn't load.

- Adds the ``minRoundTripTime`` property to the ``ServerDescription`` class. This
  property contains the minimum round-trip time over the last 10 heartbeats.

- Adds the ``toJSON()`` method to the ``TopologyDescription`` class. You can use this

>   method to stringify ``TopologyDescription`` objects to JSON.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to disregard but I think it is worth surfacing that while we did add this to get better debugging/info for any existing JSON.stringify usage it is still not recommended because JSON still has degraded type information. 

> We recommend using Node's util.inspect() helper to print topology descriptions because inspect properly handles all JS types and all types we use in the driver.

Any printing of any driver events or other object should be done via this ^ if users can use `util.inspect`

- Adds cursor support for the ``Collection.indexExists()``, ``Collection.indexes()``, and

>   ``Collection.indexInformation()`` methods in Typescript.

Reviewer 2: This should be "Adds cursor **options** support", the options types previously did not reflect the underlying AbstractCursorOptions that are permitted on these APIs

- `IndexInformationOptions` https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/8be035b560c1ffa42e97394929069857a045b8a3/src/operations/indexes.ts#L75
- extends `ListIndexesOptions` https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/8be035b560c1ffa42e97394929069857a045b8a3/src/operations/indexes.ts#L315
- extends `AbstractCursorOptions` https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/8be035b560c1ffa42e97394929069857a045b8a3/src/cursor/abstract_cursor.ts#L70

  in the following example:

  .. code-block:: js
     :emphasize-lines: 3
    
     const indexName = await collection.createSearchIndex({
         name: 'my-vector-search-index',
         type: 'vectorSearch',
         definition: {
             mappings: { dynamic: false }
         }
     });

- The ``UpdateFilter.$currentDate`` property no longer throws an error when you pass
  it to a compound method, such as ``findOneAndUpdate()``, on a collection with a limited schema.

- The driver throws a ``MongoTransactionError`` only if you provide a
  ``ReadPreferenceMode`` other than ``primary`` and then try to perform a command that
  involves a read operation.

- The data type of the ``TopologyDescription.error`` property is ``MongoError``.

- The ``Collection.indexExists()`` method no longer supports the ``full`` option.

- The ``Collection.indexInformation()``, ``Collection.indexes()``, and
  ``Db.indexInformation()`` methods have a return type of
  ``IndexDescriptionCompact | IndexDescriptionInfo[]`` in TypeScript. 

- The driver no longer throws an error when it receives an AWS access key that includes

>   an expiration timestamp.

Reviewer 2: somehow fitting in "When fetching KMS credentials" may be worth doing to avoid implying this impacted AWS database auth
